Add project vital statistics and privacy details (#589)
azavea/echo-locator: README.md

# ECHOLocator

ECHO is a revolutionary housing search tool designed to improve the housing search process for low-income families in Greater Boston.  What makes ECHO unique is that, unlike other housing search websites that focus only on finding housing units, ECHO helps families find housing units and the neighborhoods that meet their needs– a crucial innovation that rethinks the way we search for housing. ECHO is able to provide these recommendations through unique public transit data and databases on schools and public safety information. Through this focus, ECHO is the only tool serving low-income families that helps locate both neighborhoods and affordable housing.  - from the [marketing site](https://echosearch.org/). (Contact client if updates needed)

There are two instances hosted based on the code in this repo:

- [Prod](https://app.echosearch.org)
- [Stg](https://stg.echosearch.org)

## Frameworks and History

- Django backed by Postgres.

> - AWS Lambda and API Gateway for Realtor listings.

Reviewer: Should we also add AWS DynamoDB here?

Author: Defintiely

### Running

> Finally, use the `server` scripThat site is not hosted by Azavea.t to build container images, compile frontend assets,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally, use the `server` script to build container images, compile frontend assets,
```

Author: Already done :)

| Script      | Use                                                        |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| `bootstrap` | Pull down secrets from S3                                  |

> | `infra`     | Execute TerrafoThat site is not hosted by Azavea.rm subcommands with remote state management |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `infra`     | Execute Terraform subcommands with remote state management |
```

Author: Already done :)
